---
title: "Resonant Shadows"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - link
  - Post Formats
link: https://github.com
---

A gray Subaru Outback pulls into the vacant parking lot of an abandoned gas station with a rusty sign spelling “CALICO STATIO,” the missing 'N' fading, and the 'O' precariously clinging to its last screw. Visible waves of heat outline the car’s rusty, sunset-themed, Nevada license plate.  Static-filled country music on the radio occasionally yields to wind entering and exiting the car window as the AC runs intermittently. 

“Hey, do you think there are any cheese balls in that station,” a teenage girl stares through the dimmed view of her sunglasses.

“I don’t know Liv, this place looks pretty sketchy.”

“Come on Jas, live a little!”

The dehydrated gravel crackles as Jas pulls in and unevenly parks beside a dusty, black Dodge. An ant colony swarms along ridges of red liquid drops collecting around its tires. The car door clicks behind them as they prepare to go into the shop. 

“Hey, we forgot to let Louis out, don’t forget to put his leash on again!” Liv reminds Jas as loud barking comes from her car. 

Liv takes out her phone and goes to her camera app. She looks into the front camera of her phone, fixing the smudges in her mascara and reapplies her pink, dollar-store lip gloss. She fixes her mascara smudges and applies dollar-store lip gloss on her lips. She faces the back of her phone - up above her head. She looks up and smiles as she begins her introduction speech for the beginning of her vlog, holding up a map beside her head.

“Hey guys,” she waves at the camera, and points it at Jas walking toward the car “We’re heading for the famous Calico ghost town twenty miles down! It was a silver mining town way back in the 1800’s when silver lost its value!”

“Okay, don’t be dramatic, it's only been like seventy or eighty years,” Jas laughs.

“Okay, whatever! Eighty years is a lot of time.”

Echoes of decadent mumbles and silent whispers break the bleak silence of the fields. They prance with the breeze.

“Be careful, don’t let him run into that cornfield! If he runs in there I am not running in there, you are.” Liv cautions Jas as he places his hand on the door handle.

He unlocks the car and opens the door to let Louis out. Leaving the door open to reach for his leash behind him, Louis pursues the sinister whispering originating from within the strings of husk and rustles of dead plants.

“Louis! Hey, Louis, get back here! Louis! Liv stop standing there and help me get him!” Jas exclaims from the other side of the parking lot, disappearing into the closed field. 

“What? Okay, I’m coming!” Liv yells back as her thin-papered map gracefully floats down to the ground, now absorbed by red stains.  

Abundant gravel blankets the overbaked road, slimming the view of the land ahead. Liv looks right to left, left to right, looking for any oncoming traffic on the deserted road. Limbs of a birch tree reach and pinch the windows of a distorted building.

She races through the green and yellow-filled field, pushing each new crop of corn in sight, calling out, “Yo Jas, where’d you go!”

Silence descends as loops of calls and panic shake translucent peace, omitted by the mysterious pool of ominous vegetables that rot with muddy rain and age. The rustling between each step interrupts the silence in every space of breath between calls. 

“Liv? Liv!” calls a voice, seemingly getting closer with each call - but no rustles of leaves.

“Jas! Jas, is that you?” she calls back.

“Yeah! Where are you?”

“I’m over here!”

“Where is here dude?”

“Okay, hold on, let's both jump on the count of three,” Liv calls out, getting ready to jump, “One…Two…Three…JUMP!”

Midair, Jas’ nose and mouth switch places. Liv blinks again and Jas’ face is back to normal as she lands roughly against the poorly irrigated dirt, her eyes flashing with the iridescent glow behind him, emitted from an unknown structure behind Jas. 

“What the hell, did his face just glitch?” Liv mumbles to herself.

“Please help me find my mommy!” a young boy no younger than seven exclaims.

Liv jumps in surprise, queerly looking down at the child covered in dust and soot, his brown hair almost black with mud, as if it's solvent. His yellow rainboots are dirty with damp soil and rough water droplets, occasional red splatters. 

Dark clouds loom over the dark blue sky, emboldening the dark corners with each turn and dead end as water begins to descend from colored clouds of woe. As the clouds grew darker and larger, the strong breaths and whispers, intensified. 

“Please, miss! Please!”

“Who are you? Why the hell are you in here?” 

“I’ve been stuck here for days Miss! Me and my mom ran in when my ball got stuck in this maze! Now I can’t find her!” he cries.

“Okay, I’ll help you find your mom if you help me find my friend, Jas.”

“Deal. My name’s Jack! What’s yours?”

“Liv.”

“Nice to meet you Liv!” He shakes her hand with enthusiasm.

They trail through the patchy dirt path, now filled with puddles, some deeper, murkier than the others - accentuating the mystery behind each curve and turn of filth-cemented discolored corn kernels. As they walk in silence, something still whispers through the air, rapid rustles swiftly maneuver through small loopholes within the walls of the maze. Jack and Liv swiftly look to their right, then left, right, then left, right, and left, seeking a source of motion through the eerie field of barren dirt and infertile stalks of corn. Nothing. Nothing but a strong, hurled gale from ahead. 

“Liv! Yo, Liv! Where’d you go? Liv, Are you okay? Liv!” Jas calls, further from before. 

“It’s okay! I’m with Jack!”

“Who’s Jack?”

“Don’t worry about it, try finding the entrance! I’ll meet you there!”

“Okay! Did you bring you-” Jas explains, quickly interrupted with repeated screams and a loud thud - followed by rapid, approaching gallops from every direction it seemed, amongst loud splashes and thumps with every step. 

Liv tries to find the source of this attack, in preparation for escape as Jack turns right and runs erratically. 

“Jack, wait!” Liv yells as she chases after him, in the hope of solutions, and answers. 

As they move with every curve, they get shallow scratches and scrapes with every few turns, getting attacked across the face and forearms by phantom thorn bushels. 

Through small gaps between the varied heights of corn stalks, was a small glimpse of light, hope. 

Liv pushes through the masses of great corn stalks as she notices a shadowed outline in the bushel ahead of her.

“Oh my god, Jas! Thank god,” Liv screams as she runs toward him “What happened? What were those screams?”

“What screams, I kept calling you but you never answered.”

“Yes, I did! Ask Jack! Tell him, Jack, wasn’t I calling him every five minutes?”

She turned around and saw no more than Jack’s pair of yellow rainboot footprints fossilized in the mud. 

“Oh, I guess he left. Let’s go,” she says pointing left. 

“Look there is a movie theater over there, we might get a better view.”

As they start walking toward the rusty movie theater, Liv spots a woman whose lips have turned blue, her skin turned pale, and eyes turned gray with her lifeless arms stretched out to her sides, one higher than the other. 

“Oh my gosh! Oh my god, Jas, look at this,” Liv screams in shock.

“Liv? Liv, we need to go. Now,” Jas orders, pulling Liv by her wrist. 

“Hm? What? Yeah, let’s go!”

“No, don’t leave! You still have to help me find my mommy!” Jack exclaims as his raspy, deep voice quickly transitions back to his original, high-pitched, child-like voice as he gallops after Liv and Jas through the unknown paths of the maze. 

 His eye bags are now defined along the outline of his eye sockets, and his eyes are painted a bright white. His arms and legs are covered with a network of protruded bright red veins, in which they are camouflaged against his thick-skinned skeleton. His mildly webbed hands and claws for feet are loose to its side as he breathes loudly. 

As Liv and Jas guess directions, skipping dead ends here and there, meeting more as time goes on. Rustling trails after their path as they push through the green stalks of infertile corn. 

Disturbed echoes collide with Jas’s heavy panting as they begin to run faster, hearing the gallops of Jack coming closer to them. The thick air of the purgatory maze consumes their lungs, revealing their location as they breathe louder and faster.

“We need to stop somewhere Liv. Please, I’m going to pass out,” Jas exhales with his hands on his bent knees. 

“Agreed. But we better hurry up,” Liv responds, catching sight of the rusty movie theater, “Jas! It’s the movie theater! Come on let’s go!”

Pushing through the neatly arranged wall of corn stalks forward, Jas and Liv lean against the black-painted door which lists the prices of the different types of popcorn, candy, and sodas.

They quickly slam the door shut and run through the poorly lit rows of the abandoned screening room. They duck down, below the seat of a seat labeled D25 as Jas notices a dim light of purple and blue descendant, pulsing with an iridescent tint every few seconds. The fumes of stale popcorn interlude with the rancid scent of rotten nacho cheese. 

Liv feels the lost moisture of her dry palms being replenished with thick layers of sweat. Butterflies retract throughout her body as she quickly looks behind her every few seconds. 

“Hey, do you see that light? Where is it coming from?” Jas asks. 

“No. But let's just focus on surviving whatever the hell that thing is out there.” 

Jas looks around trying to find a source of such paranormal energy. As he scavenges the abandoned view, he catches sight of the outline of a lit, violet disk radiating a series of colors, repeating on a loop two rows down. Its rusty, uneven metal frame lights up as the purples and blues vocalize with occasional pops and light breaths.

“Liv, what is that?” Jas asks, pointing at the lit disk. 

“Oh my god Jas. It doesn’t matter!”

Jas reaches into his pocket, feeling around the ripped, white fibers of his jeans, finally coming across a hard, glass-like ball. He pulls it out and twists it with his fingertips, watching it glisten in the flickering ceiling lights. He rolls it down the carpeted, sloped aisle and watches it vanish through the depths of the metal-framed disk. He looks out of the window in the adjacent row and sees a vulture picking it up outside of the corn maze, mistaking it for a lost rodent. 

Banging proceeds through the door and interrupts the silence of the large theater room, inviting a storm of dust into the rusty room of cushioned seats. 

Jas kneels, trying to peek over the backrest of the seats, investigating the reasoning behind the waist-sized disk. Liv goes on her knees, facing the door. 

“Liv, let’s go look at the disk, please. It could be our way out.” 

“Oh my god Jas, that isn’t going to help us. This isn’t Narnia!”

The door busts open with the copper hinges close to breaking off. Liv and Jas quickly duck down and get ready to crawl as the unknown creature of the corn maze inspects the rows of seats. 

“Liv, please we have to go to the disk. It’s worth a shot!” Jas pleads, ignoring the blaring stomps coming in their direction.

“Oh my god, fine. But if we die, I’m going to kill you.”

They quickly crawl toward the front of the theater room, getting caught in a cobweb with every other step. 

“You promised me you would find my mommy!” Jack screams in a raspy voice.

The pulsing lights of the lit disk begin to dim as Jack begins to quickly pursue the pair, Jas quickly stands up and runs toward the enticing lights of this mysterious space of swirled, pulsating lights. 

“Jas, you idiot! Get back here!” Liv yells as Jas inches closer to the metallic disk and gets ready to jump. Jack quickly turns around at Liv’s call and begins to run toward the disk periodically exchanged with puffs of tainted breath.

“Come on, Liv! Trust me!”

Liv runs down the slippery aisle composed of dust, she looks back with Jack just inches from them and pushes Jas into the swirled colors of the disk as she slowly steps in with doubt. 


And suddenly, they were back where they started. In their gray Subaru Outback, they pulled into the vacant parking lot of Calico Station. 

“Hey, do you think there’s any cheese balls in that station,” Liv stares through the dimmed view of her sunglasses, out the window of the car.

“I don’t know Liv, this place looks pretty sketchy.”

“Fine, but we’re stopping somewhere else for cheese balls. Right, Louis?” Liv responds, looking back at Louis, driving over the red-dyed map.
